Pension funds are an unfunded liability
they are a failure because they will
fail you in the end more people will
face the consequences of believing in
the banks and their promise to help you
achieve your goals of living well
instead you came here for the truth so
let me unveil that for you today we are
going to talk about Pension funds we're
going to talk about a few other issues
as well this should be a quick video
Let's Get It into it right away this is
a Bloomberg article the long and short
of it is this unfunded pension
obligations have risen to $1.9
trillion from
$292 billion since 2007 I was told
repeatedly I have seen the articles I
have seen the analysts I've seen the
politicians and I have seen the
commenters tell me over and over and
over again that things are better today
I disagree I don't care if it's not
popular I don't care if I get a thumbs
down over and over again I don't care if
people hate me I am going to speak what
I believe to be the truth and that is
the general economy is worsening the
stock market could rise the stock market
could hit a 100,000 on the Dow Jones and
I would still be in the same position
look at what is happening in
Venezuela we don't need any more
knowledge to realize the fact that a
devaluation of the currency printing
trillions of dollars eventually could
make its way into one asset class it
could be equities could be gold it could
be into um other types of Commodities
we've seen the booms we've seen the
busts I just want to reiterate The
General economy is suffering look at how
people are going to suffer badly when
they don't get their pension money and I
keep covering this over and over again
because I know I have a lot of people
watching this that are relying on their
Pension funds or that will need to rely
on their Pension funds in the near
future if you do please please get your
stuff sorted out now I assure you this
is happen happening it's going down look
at this look how terrible these are the
people that are in charge of your money
that are in charge of your
livelihood when you have your retirement
accounts whatever that might
be and you have some mad
scientists that's what they
are they're the Quant if you want to
know what the term that they use a lot
is a
Quant literally people with phds who
don't know anything about Fin Finance
they get them in there to create these
complex formulas that nobody can ever
figure out and then this is exactly what
happens more and more debt the stock
market's Rising why is aren't the
Pension funds doing well doesn't make
any sense right no but you're making
money in the stock market so you're
doing just fine I've heard it all before
trust me from people in the inside of
the industry and people who are just you
know trying to ride the wave
Commonwealth of massachusett
funded ratios wait a second 2000 and
2015 wait wait wait wait wait hold up
hold the phone here something's wrong
with this
chart because they're all going
down 83
57 27 and so forth what
the you I mean I saw the S&P I saw the
Dow Jones they're Rising so this doesn't
make any sense I mean the economy is
doing better now I mean more jobs I saw
the jobs reports I saw the stupid jobs
reports and they said that jobs were
being created and they said that
consumer confidence was up and they said
that everything is just fine that there
are no Capital controls don't worry
about it that there are no Bank runs
that there there are no lineups of
people in certain regions of the world
suffering right
now lining up for food lining up for
money lining up for
everything civil unrest and Chaos
brewing in
regions pockets of them
sure but no no I don't know what I'm
talking about so let's move on let's
have a little fun here right looking at
CH China's crude oil imports by Source
they import the most o and just to take
a look at exactly where that is coming
from you can see that Brazil Oman and
Russia are part of their Imports and I
can see particularly with Russia even
Oman and Brazil over the years if you
look at a long enough timeline you can
see that it's increasing but of course
they are importing from you know a
global situation
really all I want to say is that
essentially China is expanding on the
amount of crude imports that they have
you can see this detract their progress
and their uh usage but ultimately even
if you just look at the
demographics and you look at
the um what's happening you know
economically that individuals moving
from the rural areas moving into the
cities I don't think necessarily the
econom is doing that well but this is
the trend regard regardless maybe you
want to look over a 20-year period or
you want to look over even more you can
see that that's what's happening and
this is the result of that so more oil
will be
needed and of course all depends on the
price too don't forget that Switching
gears here just want to finish off this
video this is an article out of the New
York Times is talking about the
situation on YouTube now I just talked
about my previous video essentially this
individual here check this out 353,000
subscribers I'm not sure if you've ever
heard of this guy David
Pacman
and I think where did I read it I think
it's just off the screen anyway he's
making only a few pennies per day
353,000 subscribers and a few pennies
per day what I would suggest to you is
exactly what has happened with TV was
has happened with radio traditional
media
is that we have seen the conglomerates
take over and the news and the
information is all really uh condensed
it's all talking points it's all garbage
so what has happened here is that the
advertisers have taken over things like
YouTube and that's where the audience is
that's why we go to YouTube that's why
we use
it and essentially what's happened is
they've taken over and they've suggested
look no no no you if you want us to
advertise on your site all the big money
coming in in if you want to advertise
you can't have this quote unquote hate
speech and this is the type of thing
that really upsets me because it's it's
not I mean there's there's definitely
some hate speech other that's clear but
I can't believe that the algorithms
can't pick up on what is being critical
you know the information from
articles and then comparing that to you
know some sort of hate video there's a a
big big difference there and you know I
appreciate that individuals should have
the ability to be critical as critical
as they want to be except for inciting
violence that's really where it stops
but you're not allowed to become
critical still to this day I'm receiving
um videos notifications that say your
video not approved for monetization over
and over and over again any mention of
war or Isis or attack I noticed it was I
mean it's the
words you have to be so careful in the
words that you use simultaneously you
have to make them still attractive for
new subscribers to come in so they're
really really trying to
condense the political talk and they're
trying to get rid of that the financial
talk and everything else and they're
trying to make YouTube about you know
about silliness
essentially the former for Federal
Election Commission chairwoman says that
political speech must be controlled on
social media she presented her remarks
at a speech calling for regulations
against quote unquote fake news I do
appreciate that absolutely we don't want
fake news
however we're all getting lumped into
that everything is fake news if it goes
against the mainstream I think that is a
big big mistake I'd rather have all the
garbage out there
than for someone else to say what's
going to be real and what's going to be
fake I mean they know what's fake they
know the trolls they know how to read
the IP addresses and everything else but
they don't care that's not what this is
about it's about trying to censor
individuals that's what it's about I
just wanted to note this I don't know
what the heck is going on it could be
just a
fluke this video here I know you guys
watched
it thumbs up 266 thumbs down
112 and I thought to myself a lot of
people dislike my videos by the way if
you dislike this video give me a thumbs
down if
you have seen on the previous videos I
mean there's there's always some
dislikes but never 112 I thought what
the heck did I say that I really upset
everybody that much maybe I made a
mistake maybe it was a hot
mic but I clicked on it looked at the
actual Analytics I of the video and it
showed there was only a few thumbs down
so I don't know what is going on with
YouTube right now it's acting really
strange I'm just putting out my videos
I'm just doing what I can I'm doing more
videos now even though there's basically
no money to be
made this is what I do this is what I
know how to do I'm sharing information
because quite frankly got no one else to
share this with I want to share with
somebody who actually wants to listen to
me so I appreciate that when you comment
trust me it's very much appreciative
because I can you know share words with
you so that's why I like to comment back
I want to develop this into a
conversation this isn't like most of the
YouTube channels out there you have some
Guru sitting there telling you
everything I am a news aggregator I've
been doing this for many many years
taking information condensing it down to
its simplest forms I've been putting
that in uh ebooks that I have Never
released it the public before just to
share with people that I know they don't
give a damn so then I made my own book
The Money GPS and then that has spawned
off so anyway a little bit of inside
information in this video in the last
video if you found it informative please
give me a thumbs up if you hate my guts
give me a thumbs down what other channel
tells you to give the video a thumbs
down all
right last but not least if you found
the video informative I know you will
find my books the money GPS and my new
release global economic collapse even
more informative the new book is all
about
self-sufficiency reducing your monthly
expenses and what I call the money GPS
strategy it's a whole system that I have
developed between this one and also back
into the first one where I have the
money GPS formula the two together great
Synergy check them out go to Amazon they
have a look inside feature that will
allow you to flip through the pages of
the books to see if you like them take
care